Cool, yeah, so there's a bunch of really
cool ideas and ways to extend this.
And the goal for today was kind of show
you a bunch of the kind of mechanics and
common things.
We didn't go all the way into,
again, maybe we should have three,
maybe you should spend, yes, right?
Your job is to take these things and
build them out cause you've got
a bunch of the concepts of how to do
collision detection against a wall.
There's a bunch of ways to have movement
that makes sense to mechanics around
cloning enemies or reusing objects so
the game doesn't slow to a crawl.
Broadcasting events so we can show
a screen or maybe change levels.
All those different pieces are ways
that you can kind of dig in and
follow more stuff.
And the cool part is as
soon as you hit share,
a lot of people hit share on a project.
You can also in any project that
you see that you come across,
if you look by going to
anything in the my stuff piece.
If you go to the project itself,
there's like, see inside and
if it's not your project,
you can see remix.
Where you can basically fork it,
as I say, and like be in change and
tweak stuff and experiment on your own.
So any of the projects for a lot of
the done stuff, and I'll take all the ones
that we did today and also put them On
the site too, you can introspect them.
Because a few times, we made choices in
the room together that are different than
like the pre-baked ones,
which are totally fine.
I'll take these, any of them you can see
inside, remix them, play around with them.
And we'll put a studio there
where I have it set up.
And we'll put all these links out later,
but, I set up a studio, for
Front End Masters where you can then
anyone can add their projects and
share them all and
you all can kind of collaborate and see
>> So I can share mine?
>> Yes.
Cool.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Join it.
>> I believe as long as you have a scratch
thing, which you can talk to your dad
about, then you should be able to like
add by the URL once you have it or
browse your own projects.
>> Okay, well, I'm gonna count.
>> Perfect.
>> Share stuff.
>> Absolutely.
>> No, how I [INAUDIBLE] Cool, y'all.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> I'm really excited to see what
y'all make.
[SOUND]
>> [APPLAUSE]